welcome to the whole of spotlight and
involved with quick look at games it's
pretty snappy I can't really snap with
my left hand back look at my right hand
see anyway welcome to now scoff that's
what we're currently looking at it's
enclosed Bay right now the game is
humans fighting vampires or vampires
fighting humans or leeches eating Q
mizore Royal skilling slaves rebellion
rebellion law baby it's cool okay it's
cool instantly feels like some sort of
futuristic medieval world with brilliant
voice acting intense super music to go
with it high quality graphics and
interesting creepy law filled maps for
example look at this thing with that
thing okay what about this yeah wow
that's a statue what's that statue looks
like some sort of royal vampire oh well
it's stunning on something it's a human
perhaps that's why they're rebelling
they were made slaves Oh with all we
just learned this by looking at a statue
that's pretty smart that's pretty cool
ok so the world's pretty cool but how do
you play how's the game work mostly it's
44 for humans for vampires and current
state the game anyway there's only four
classes on each side right now but they
are adding more for example the good is
going to be like Amelie based human soon
so I'm kind of excites see that but I
expect like at release of the game will
be a fuckton of classes and fucked on a
variety so I'm kind of excited about
that alright so how do you play as
humans humans must work as a cohesive
team unit thing to survive the onslaught
vampires a much more tense style of
gameplay compared to the vampires where
you can't have to rely on the skill of
your team and stick together work really
well together and you saw a pic where
you're going to hide on the map based on
health stations that are lit around the
map and they're sort of your main way to
restore your health as humans so you
find a suitable spot as a group and set
up camp around these stations and try to
hold your own against these waves of
undead monsters then there's the
vampires a first look there's disgusting
monsters appear pretty much lone hunters
diving on the humans and feasting on
that flesh but as you progress and play
more you see the vampires too must work
well together to hunt the humans but in
quite a different manner you must tie in
your tax cleverly for example the Tyron
this big fat guy must run in and
distract and subdue and CC in
you know smash take all the hits and
while all of these humans are actually
attacking this big tank of a vampire the
Reaver dives in on one of the stragglers
looking and being distracted he starts
eating him at the same amount of
Sentinel flies down grabs one and just
flies him off completely takes him away
from the pack drops into his death
pretty fucking cool meanwhile i guess
like the mentalist or some like weird
shadow shit I've not actually played
that class okay each class has two main
abilities you can change me the armory
with gold earned for playing during the
game or you could use real life currency
to speed up the process but thankfully
it's not required and it's not paid to
win which I'm very happy to see
obviously the speed up process but I
found that I haven't really needed to
have unlocked two classes just by
playing and I've got more gold than I
need to spend right now so it's pretty
good could have two very different
Scouts for example the human class you
have to scout some team and because of
this sort of changing in the armory you
could have two fighting styles to these
Scouts they could be completely
different to each other one could be all
about stealth and playing traps and
securing a certain area the other one
could climb up on buildings and be sort
of a sniper and be able to Mack their
targets and know exactly where they're
coming from it's kind of it's kind of
cool to have this sort of variety on all
classes and as the game progresses and
gets older there's going to be more and
more like variety on each class so it's
great to see so basically it's 20 minute
rounds 10 minutes as vampires 10 minutes
of humans and that's basically one game
interesting in beautiful world in sort
of a dark atmosphere quick tense games
alone or with friends a great concept
original on fun highly recommended
thanks for watching if you've enjoyed
the video leave a like and subscribe
comment if you've got any thoughts on
game you actually going to try it see
you next time guys are you fucking
leeches off slave rebels why but byp
were you
Oh
the hunt will fight oh